Link to ML and other deep learning lesson in introduction (#532)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: index.md

## Welcome
This is a hands-on introduction to the first steps in deep learning, intended for researchers who are familiar with (non-deep) machine learning.

The use of deep learning has seen a sharp increase of popularity and applicability over the last decade. 
While deep learning can be a useful tool for researchers from a wide range of domains, 
taking the first steps in the world of deep learning can be somewhat intimidating. 

> This introduction aims to cover the basics of deep learning in a practical and hands-on manner, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This introduction covers the basics of deep learning in a practical and hands-on manner, 
```

so that upon completion, you will be able to train your first neural network and understand what next steps to take to improve the model.

We start with explaining the basic concepts of neural networks, and then go through the different steps of a deep learning workflow. 
Learners will learn how to prepare data for deep learning, how to implement a basic deep learning model in Python with Keras, 
how to monitor and troubleshoot the training process and how to implement different layer types such as convolutional layers.

### Other related lessons
#### Introduction to artificial neural networks in Python
The [Introduction to artificial neural networks in Python lesson](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/machine-learning-neural-python/)
takes a different angle to introducing deep learning, 
focusing on computer vision with the application on medical images.

> This might be a better lesson if you are interested in the application of deep learning on medical images.

Reviewer: This line seems just to repeat the above.
```suggestion
```
